well the 1/5 Formula one European
Championships come to a thrilling climax
here in Slovak off in a Czech Republic
and fairly early on we had a feeling
that Martin might win it question was
which Martin
yes battle commenced this morning
between TQ man martin bayer and 2007
large scale Touring Car World Champion
Martin LaSalle and it was all smiles
before the semi-finals hi maybe he makes
one mistake you never know not sure but
the semi-final was to be an intense
30-minute battle with Bayer protecting
his position and ultimately winning with
a clever pitting strategy well as the
final got underway all the drivers
stepped up mindful of the perilous track
barriers but full of a desire to be
faster
alas pitting along with lapped traffic
were to be Bayers downfall and after 50
minutes of breathtaking driving Martin
LaSalle from Denmark is the new 1/5
Formula one European champion
congratulations Martin thank you just
how you planned it yeah the pitstop
workout very good and yeah we was a
little laggy with Martin together in
trouble before the first before the pit
stop so what's lucky and keep on going
and everything worked out perfect as
ever a great sportsman the vice champion
continues to look on the bright side
yeah that's racing 2nd place I feel not
bad
yeah we had problem with the traffic so
I lose to close and Martin just passed
me
to the top to at least this race came
down to two key moments some cars spun
and I was very lucky to pass without
touching anything and I see marching he
went a bit out of the grass maybe to get
some dirt on the tire and then from the
next corner he has no acceleration so I
could put the Chi inside and yeah still
in the opening half of the race this
gave way to an intense battle similar to
that of the semi final but with the
positions reversed
then I was competitive with him we just
go together
approaching 26 minutes both drivers
still bumper-to-bumper will have been
acutely aware of the need to refuel
pitstop work out very good
then we also have a lot of work back
home to do the pitstop very fast with
the with the fuel gun and everything but
we had some troubles in the refuelling
we lost almost 10 seconds and on this
truck 10 seconds is very difficult to
get down some
into the position Daria vesali struggled
for a second time with tires it was
pretty good but though in the beginning
I'll again her problem with tires but
after was pretty good I was happy with
the third place and get it well as the
champagne dries off and the event comes
to a close everyone is looking forward
to the next week toy cars now we're
gonna have another weekend of player
domination don't think of it be more
hard there will be more competitive
drivers so I think more fight and the
truck I think will be very good with the
grip very very short rest in them when
you back out again trying to bring out
your chillin car you're going to do the
double we try but as you see it's always
very close competition so you need also
luck so for touring car I hope to do
good but fighting for top 5 position is
always very close so yes I hope so
they're saying the Touring Car
championships will be even more
competitive stay tuned to fo WS to find
out
you